How dare you?
Your Majesty.
Dear sister, everyday you love you in every way possible.
You expect me to die like that.
Your Majesty.
It's Miao Quaternary.
It is Miao Tu Hui who wants to poison the emperor.
Oh.
Really?
Really.
Your Majesty, I am not poisoned.
I believe you.
Xiao Su Tu
Yes.
We searched her body.
Search for my body.
Your Majesty.
You are my suspect.
Search.
This is the present, my dear.
My brother is a famous general.
You psychopath with no roots, dare to touch me?
The lady lady has forgiven the disgraced slave.
Your Majesty is a red-crowned crane.
It's the red top crane.
But Your Majesty
I never thought of harming the emperor.
I just want to let that bitch of Miao Tu Hui die.
Fortunately, the bow was not found.
Your Majesty's concubine knows a little bit of medicine.
There seems to be another poison in this bird's nest soup.
Lady Yao, where are you going?
Your Majesty.
I've just been scared.
Not well.
Want to denounce first?
Honey, do you know who the poisoner is?
If you don't say
I will let you die without a place to be buried.
It's Yao Quy Fei talking nonsense.
My lord, I do not.
Your Majesty is rice roll.
What system
Your Majesty forgives.
I want to demote these two malicious women of yours to human status.
From now on, the concubines will manage all the affairs of the harem.
No.
Thank God Long An.
If there is no Jubilee here
I will die at the hands of these two men.
You make a request.
I will definitely satisfy you.
My concubine.
I want to ask the emperor to kill me.